The stern elevator operator closes a heavy set pairing of doors behind its passenger as they board. This time a high ranking political official with the common stale air of learned decency. The souls it taxis are as numerous and as varied as the stars in the heavens, which are slowly fading from view as the elevator now descends toward the planet’s heart. Some whom it taxis are short, some tall. Some are well worn, old and haggard, others hold their skin tight about them, glowing in their youth. Some hold their heads high with a remarkable sense of dignity, while some barely manage to hold their head in their hands as they loose through tears the mounting pressure they harbor within.

Despite the countless individuals that it encounters; despite the wildly varying dreams and goals, the operator never hesitates its action. Never a word spoken, for their destination is always the same. It’s the least it can do to give them the respect of peace as they plummet towards a world of unfamiliarity. Not that it would matter much anyway.

Much to the dismay of the distraught who ride, the elevator operator doesn’t offer condolences, words of wisdom, or promises of peace; it can’t open its mouth. Nor does it have a tongue to shape words for that matter. Some call it dumb, strike at it angrily, at the doors, at the walls, at anything to distract from the overwhelming shriek of the metal wheels grinding louder and louder as they struggle under the weight and pressure of the descending cart and the world above.

On this journey, all are made equal. Those who hold their skin tight in their youth quickly become the worn and haggard. Those who board with their heads held high always end with their head in their hands as they loose the mounting pressure with screams and tears. This official is no different, the heat is too much for her to bear. She drops to her knees, making promises and pleas to the operator; promises of money, freedom, power. But she knows it is a waste of breath, she does it to distract herself. The elevator operator methodically continues to control the descent of the elevator cart as the official unleashes a blood curdling howl up through the space she once filled. It won’t last long.

It’s not that the operator has no conscience; such machines were outlawed after the fourth war. The elevator operator directs the titanium cage back toward the surface. It’s not that it can’t empathize, or understand the pain. It watches magma and ash fall into the inferno, the only evidence of the burden it bears vanishing in a bright flash. It’s just that being an executioner changes the way you process things. Levers shift, knobs turn, the world still spins.... *make a point here*