# intro ✔
Siel is having trouble selling her condensers. All that is clear from this sequence is that the main character is young and having trouble supporting her family.
# Ch 1 - The fam
We are introduced to the Kunstenaar's; Siel, Jaeson, and their grandfather. We learn that they build and sell water condensers. Grandpa has taught Siel to near mastery. She loves the work they do and is very attached to it. Siel is trying to teach Jaeson how to perform their dance, but he is having a hard time picking it up, because he keeps trying to add his own little flairs. They are having trouble selling their inventory.
Grandpa is sick, and it interferes with his ability to work. His medicine is expensive, and the lack of income is making it difficult for them to make ends meet. We spend a little time exploring what it's like to live in the lower middle class of Cennet. They talk about ways to improve the business. Grandpa talks about THE MATERIAL, and Siel dismisses it as a fools errand, something that's far too risky and hardly worth the price.
# Ch 2 - Siel's shopping trip
Siel takes what [[Politics#Finances|money]] she has from the emergency stash into the city to buy Grandpa's stabilizers and some other necessities for the household. On the way we get a brief description of the safer parts of [[Cennet (or Cerretis)#Major (known) Settlements|Dusthaven]], and of the "[[Politics#Housing|palaces]]" in the distance. We see a massive cargo ship landing in a nearby depot as Siel enters the market.
During her conversation with Kraet, the cashier, Siel learns that the pricing for the stabilizers have gone up again due to off-world shipping fees. She also finds out that there is a new technology/product that has come in from an off-world manufacturing company that has started making the Kunstenaar-Kundenser obsolete. Siel sees the price tag and can't afford to pick one up.
On her way out, Siel spots a vessel branded with the name of the company Kraet gave her sitting in the shipping depot. She makes a deal with one of the crate handlers to "miscount" the shipment, and she takes one of the condensers home to study it.
# Ch - 2.5 Jaeson's sidequest
Jaeson goes along with Siel and they split up once they get to the mall. He does stuff and things. This will probably be the same activity that ends up getting him caught up in the gang later one. We will get to see some of his skills, as well as his ambiguous moral state.
# Ch 3 - Condensers
Siel brings the condenser back to the workstation and begins exploring it. She puts the condenser side-by-side with one of their own, and notices its efficiency. The new condensers are nearly identical, if not slightly better.
The new condenser is described in the same *way* (copy the text) but the content is different. Instead of organically shaped, blemished with character, and decorated with lively color, it is boxy, has perfectly machined edges, and has flat monochromatic colors, save for the company logo. It is the definition of sterile. Siel is disgusted by it. She begins to take it apart, more aggressively than is necessary, and discovers the mechanics are the same, except one part: THE MATERIAL that Grandpa was gossiping about. 
She collapse in her chair for a moment. She realizes that she only has one option; risk a journey into the jungle to scout a vein of THE MATERIAL so they can upgrade the Kundenser. She throws the new condenser at the wall with a scream before opening the workshop terminal and beginning her research.
# Ch 4 - Jaeson's a big kid 
The chapter opens with Jaeson doing something motivated. Part way through the chapter, he observes Siel with the new condenser, and ducks out of sight just before Siel obliterates the thing.
He goes and talks with Grandpa while helping prepare dinner. We get a glimpse of the environment he is growing up in, his curiosity, and a peek at his revolutionary spirit.
During dinner, Siel gives them a run down of the situation with Grandpa's stabilizers, why they're going out of business, and that she has to leave in order to turn things around. Siel puts Jaeson in charge of SOME VERY BORING THINGS (probably related to taking care of Grandpa) while she's gone, but Jaeson thinks Grandpa can take care of himself.
# Ch 5 - Siel goes shopping. Again.
