# Siel's seeks the crystal meth(od)
*A red-herring plotline that gets Siel to leave Grandpa and Jaeson when they need her help the most*
0. "The macguffin" is the crystals that the Auspex use to amplify and channel their magical energies. The only reason I'm using the word MacGuffin is because I don't know what to call them right now, other than "crystals"
	1. This could be an interesting explanation for why Siel is able to craft the sword in the cave so easily...
	2. Potential names: Lumenaries / Lumen stones
1. Grandpa introduces the concept of **%the macguffin%** material that can make water dance to your very words.
2. Siel finds out that she'll no longer be able to afford Grandpa's stabilizers/medicine.
	- Off-world companies have introduced a new technology that will make the Kunstenaar condensers obsolete.
	- The company that produces the medicine has raised prices, and *"as you know, off-world shipping is always expensive"*.
3. Siel takes one of these new condenser-alternatives home to study it. She gets pissed because it hardly performs better and looks uglier than theirs. She realizes she needs to adapt, and the only thing she can think of is upgrade the Kunstenaar Condenser with the macguffin.
	- She throws a wrench at the wall with a scream before she turns to the terminal at her desk and starts doing research on what gear she'll need to enter the jungles.
4. Siel gathers the things she'll need.
	1. A suit, because the acid rains would eat her skin.
		- This will introduce the env. tension of the Jungle.
	2. Weapons, which she does not know how to wield, because the nomads are "vicious people"
		- This will give us a good initial tension between Siel and Altus, ?and open the doors for subversion when he saves her?
	3. Guides, so she doesn't get lost and eaten by the wildlife.
		- This will give us commentary and context on Siel's character in light of other members of her culture.
		- She'll hire the guides from an outfitter in-city, but won't meet them until she gets to where they live in the outer-city.
5. Siel gets a ride through the city, across the desert rim, and is dropped off, with her guides, at the edge of the jungle. 
	- During her ride through the outer-city, we get a glimpse of the squalor that the lowest class live in; layered-tin-roof huts with dozens of fist sized holes punched through each sheet. (Just imagine the kind of structure that a scavenger would have to keep rebuilding if a regular storm of literal acid fell from the sky every few weeks)
		- At first she merely thinks about the political and technical implications and challenges of keeping the area under control; little empathy, her thoughts driven by the warnings she was raised with. When her vehicle arrives to pick up the guides, she sees in the gathering of people there something that reminds her of the challenges that she has had to deal with: patching roofs from the rain, squabbling over a mere cup of water, the looks of near hopelessness that she had been wearing the past few months. Something in her shifts slightly, but it falls from her mind quickly as preparations begin with her new guides.
		- *"The worst of it is the knowing. The bottomless pit of hopelessness dug out by the weather man's promise of monthly rain. You can see it painted on the faces of the motionless, hunched over figures, barely human anymore"*
		- While Siel feels bad for these people, and feels frustration with the status quo of the city officials, she understands the immense complexities of running a large organization (from her time managing Kunstenaar-Waterworks), and knows a great number of moving parts need to align before the quality of life for these people can improve.
			- Jaeson does *not* have this perspective and thinks it's purely greed and power-lust that separates the upper and lower classes. He wants that to end.
	- Once they get to the edge of the Jungle, the driver seems to be anxious to leave.
6. Siel and her guides come across a great beast that has been heavily foreshadowed. The beast is never seen, but heard, and signs are scattered throughout the underbrush. Leaves shutter, trees shake, a deep grumbling can be heard coming from everywhere all at once. The guides quickly rush her to a cave without hesitation. She is impressed by how well they know the area.
7. The guides begin their play, pacing around, bickering back and forth, "I'm not paid enough for this kind of stuff. As soon as that thing's gone, I'm outta here." Siel thinks to herself how lost she would be on her own and begins to bargain/beg. They find out about the situation her shop is in and realizing they can get nothing more out of her through contract, shift their plans to take everything she has and leave her to die in the wilderness
8. Siel, in her fear and anger, manages to craft something from the mere cave around her that allows her to escape. She runs for her life and finds herself lost in the wilderness.
	- Siel stumbled away from the two assailants as they approached with the slow predatorial pace of the creature they spun to lure her here. She searched desperately in the dim light for something she could use to defend herself, a rock, a stick. (She begins to imagine all the distinct features of a sword) Her hand ended up in something soft instead, like a softly tilled soil, or the shaping putty she had used so many times. Her hand slid through the putty and found to her surprised that her fingers found the vague outline of a blade. A hilt. A handle. The eyes of one of the beasts that cornered her narrowed, then grew wide with fear and uncertainty before he looked to his companion. Her adrenaline left her no victim to hesitation. She seized the moment as soon as it presented itself. Back up on her feet, now with blade in hand, she charged with a wild, furious scream that sent then the guides into a backpedal. Her swing was parried as though it were the swing of a child, but her concern was not to kill. She got all she needed, and she took it. Sprinting out of the cave into the jungle, Siel ran with all she had left in her.
	- This is an important promise of Siel's potential as an Aestheturgist, but a sword seems almost silly. It either needs to be reinforced by cultural stories told earlier in the book, or it needs to be an item that suits Siel more. Shaping something out of stone seems like a natural introduction to Aestheturgy, but what else could help her? Could she turn stone into rope? (I can't imagine she could hold the focus)
9. As Siel wanders through the jungle, her wits now closer about her, she encounters a very similar series of noises and motions amongst the trees. Instead of fear this time, it's anger that consumes her. This time the presentation is much less impressive, less loud, more subtle, and she is underwhelmed, thinking *how lazy*. She finds herself under the paws of a menacing mechanical predator. Altus appears briefly, before sending her unconscious.
	- All the foreshadowing up to this point should lead the reader to believe Siel is going to brutally murdered and eaten alive or something. Concern should be the reader's emotion at this point.
	- If the book needs to be longer, I would like to have her destroy the original display in a fit of rage, and then spend some time wandering through the trees, thinking to herself, and fighting to survive. Enough time should pass before she encounters the next illusion that exasperation is her response, rather than rage.
#### *Notes*:
- **Problem**: *There is a lot of promises about the dangers that lie within the jungle, but there is little narratively that delivers on that right now.*
	- **"Solution"**: Siel encounters a challenge that she cannot overcome because her knowing and dreaming mind are chained to each other. She believes her imagined fears are known fact, and believes the things she knows deep within are merely imaginary. Her first time through the jungle she encounters something (an illusion) that the reader is convinced is a very real threat. This sends her and the guides way off course, and ultimately leads her to Altus. On her way out of the jungle, and after her time with Altus, she encounters a very similar (if not identical) event, and she passes it by with stoic efficiency.

# Siel (un)learns
*Siel's ultimate quest is to learn to separate the knowing mind from the dreaming mind. Siel is old as far as story book characters go. She has learned many things that chain these two parts of her mind together and prevent her from achieving her greatest works. **Her journey is to unlearn "how" to live, and rediscover what it means to be alive**. Only in doing this can she truly fulfill the strong legacy of the Kunstenaar, and bring the family name to its full glory*

1. We establish Siel as a very knowledgeable waterworker and the student of a very rigid way of doing things.
	 - The way condensers should be written about is a sort of ritual dance with Siel and her grandfather. Built deep into the culture, nearly a social faux pas to take liberties and do things differently. Siel is in the process of teaching Jaeson the dance who is intuitively rebelling against it's rigidity. This is a source of tension between the two.
2. Siel is quite onboard with "the way things are" and takes the word of the shop-keep who prepares her for her journey into the jungles.
	 - He uses phrases like, "you know how it is" with a joking smile and a wink, playing on local superstitions and collective ignorances.
3. As Siel is riding to the jungle and through the outer-city, she sees many stereotypes that she had grown used to among the struggling citizens there; people talking to themselves, frothing at the mouths, higher than the moons, but she also sees others that don't fit her prejudiced expectations and the dissonance begins to turn her mind. Thus introduces the concept: the things we believe are not as they truly are, but are greatly condensed caricatures for the sake of gossip and warning.
4. Siel manages to get herself hurt pretty badly while wandering through the jungle, and ends up wandering into Altus' territory. In defense of his sanctuary, he ambushes her and takes her unconscious body captive.
5. Altus takes pity on Siel and helps nurse her strength back. She thinks he is planning to eat her, and decides her only chance at escape is breaking out and killing him.
	- Siel wakes up bound in some form of cage with considerably fewer clothes on.
		- Altus' concern is overheating in the high heats of the jungle, wearing mere loin cloths himself.
		- Siel's concern is the toxic rains
			- "He's going to let the acid cook me alive in this cage, like a **%Cennet bird%** in a chemical oven. He must be deranged!"
			- Siel desperately tries to break her way out of the cage, but its construction is too sound
		- The reader will draw their own conclusions and amplify their concern a bit.
	- It rains through the open-roof cage, but her skin doesn't melt as expected. Creative contraptions bring her meals and all the water she could possibly need. With time, she shifts from fear and concern to curiosity and begins studying her environment, at least what she can see.
	- She begins trying to speak with Altus and pleads for his help to find the macguffin. He speaks very little, and makes it clear in his own way that he does not feel safe near people from the city (because he knows rather than imagines)
6. Siel captures and dismantles one of the little guys who comes to care for her. In her studies she discovers a way to break out of the cage. She begins to sneak around his little oasis, gathering information, looking for clues and ultimately discovers that Altus is much more than he appears on the surface
	- Having no tools, she forcibly breaks the automaton and repurposes one of its limbs as a driver. Inside she discovers an interesting liquid magnet that locks up/becomes incredibly strong up under pressure, but can be moved with the appropriate application of energy. She eventually finds out that this same technique is what keeps her cage shut.
7. Despite the evidence contradicting Altus' inhumanity, Siel's stubbornness and resolve to kill him and escape drives her to attack him. He takes what he has at his disposal, and quickly forms something to disarm her (her cloak?). Whatever it is binds her and laughs at her (carrying the spirit of the artist). 
	- This moment demonstrates the live action potential of aesthemancy which will no doubt come into play later in the story
	- "If you're going to kill and eat me, do it quick, don't be such a coward about it!" Altus' takes a step back, clearly flabbergasted. "Do you not plan to eat me? I thought nomads were vicious, and ruthless people" "No one eats people! You spin great tales. you wear your stories close like armor to protect you from a battle that isn't coming. You do not see *me*. You *imagine* me. I am not the monster you're looking for" "Then let me go".
	- Altus fear of city folk is clear, but he does let her go, and he gives her a pendant that will allow her to walk the premises without concern for the defenses he has setup. (what he doesn't tell her, and what we find out later, is that the pendant doubles as a restraint that will stop her from assaulting Altus again)
		- "Hmm, ahh, yes, stay here for a moment" Siel doesn't have a choice, as she is still bound by whatever as Altus feverishly tinkers away on some necklace looking device that he pulls from a chest.
8. Having protected himself from the dangerous city girl, Altus begins to test her and see if she is different from the city folk who pushed him to do great evils. She fails, of course, and Altus dismisses her, but she is persistent in her desire to learn. Siel demonstrates that she understands why she failed, and has the determination and spirit to improve, despite her age and upbringing.
9. Altus takes her on trips and presents her with great challenges that she must find solutions to. Siel finds them stupid and a waste of time, and gets frustrated with Altus, until a watershed conversation causes Siel to have a great epiphany on why the adventures she was being taken on held significance **%This needs a lot of specifics-expansion%**
- Why do you believe the macguffin will solve your problems? "The story of W who used x to do y"
- "Hahaha, you don't know what you're doing, child!" "I'm not a child!" Siel huffed in frustration. "Hmm. I suppose you aren't. You've been an adult for far too long in your short life." Altus considered her for a moment. "I'm afraid there's nothing I can teach you." 
- "How long have you been here?" "God, like, forever, I need to get back" "Stop contextualizing and tell me, how long do you think you've *actually* been here?" "I don't know, a few weeks?" "You've been here for two months, Siel. You've been so obsessed with your work that you haven't lived. Time has escaped you and you have no memory of it" 
	- *This is flow state. Is it a bad thing? The lesson I want to pass on is "life is a journey, not a destination, but it feels kind of counter to the "art is work" lessons... It also may not be an applicable lesson for the sake of the story...*
- "Tell me a bit about your Jaeson" "He's **%a bunch of endearing and concerned words, specifically about his creative nature%**. He's got a gift. I know he has it in him to turn Kunstenaar Waterworks into something I never could, he just seems distracted..." "Why do you assume he could do what you could not?" "There's no way. I'm just not creative like that. He *has* to take on this responsibility or we're going to have to give up our last shot at freedom" "It seems his calling is somewhere else. Do not mourn his focus because he is inspired by something else. Fan that flame and he will go on to do great things! Now, while you may not be able to steer this headstrong young bull, you can steer yourself, and if you're willing to let go of your stupid beliefs, you can become the savior that you wish he was"
- **%!!%** This outcome of this whole arc feels a little detached from big story beats. Minute-to-minute action is where training and skills show their significance, but art is more methodical and thought out. Art has its moments, but how does that tie into the smaller narrative beats in a compelling way?
	- The moments of art: 1) The personal satisfaction and joy of creation, 2) the inspiration and insight that comes from witnessing it
# Altus ends his exile
1. We meet Altus at the peak of his power, but he is still deep in a training/growth mindset, and doesn't realize how far he has developed his skills. He has no aspirations beyond exploring his potential for his own satisfaction.
2. Siel's unexpected apprenticeship reminds him of what he left behind in the city, and demonstrates to himself how much he knows and has to share.
3. 

# Grandpa is sick
*Grandpa is introduced as an incredibly talented waterworker, and the founder of Kunstenaar Waterworks. His hands are steady, his tools never stray from his aim*.

1. He and Siel are working on something. Siel notices his hands are shaking and he's squinting extra hard at what he's working on. She suggests he take a break and let her help, but he obstinately insists he's fine and can handle it himself. He can't. He accidentally cuts himself.
	- Siel helps stabilize him and puts him under the care of Jaeson, before heading in to town to get him a lens-kit to help fix his vision.
2. Before Siel leaves for the jungle, we have a sequence where he is packing up supplies to take to the outer city, and Siel is pleading with him not to go. He obviously doesn't listen and says something wise or whatever.
3. We don't spend a lot of time on how Grandpa spends his time, but its clear that his whole person is dedicated to his work in the shop. We get glimpses of his deteriorating health as Jaeson returns home from time to time. It's not long before he goes from cane to crutch to wheelchair, and manual labor turns from production, to design, to near catatonia.
4. It's never made obvious why Grandpa's health is deteriorating (unless Altus' neuropathy-curing-mushroom seems like a good story beat), but it is very clear that he carries a heavy weight by the decline of the shop, and is very distressed by Jaeson's activities, who excitedly shares how much money he's making, but often avoids any explanation of what he's *actually* doing.
	- The truth of it is the neurotoxin 

# Jaeson tries to help Grandpa
*He gets into trouble (but not without some headway) by taking things into his own hands and trying to help Grandpa - the point of this plotline is to keep the major conflict of Grandpa's sickness in front of us, as well as explore the Cerretis' culture and city-life a bit*

1. Before Siel leaves, she complains to the two of them at dinner about how they are going out of business due to the increase in off-world activity
	- *This isn't quite enough to spark the revolutionary spirit. There needs to be some scummery involved. Perhaps someone whispering in Jaeson's ear*
3. Siel leaves Jaeson in charge of some very boring things that he thinks Grandpa can handle on his own. Jaeson goes out to make some money. He gets caught stealing from an unreasonably wealthy customer in the markets. He is caught, but luck favors him, because instead of tossing him into chains, his apprehender offers him a way out, appealing to him by talking about how things should be equal for everyone. Jaeson gets swept up in the idealism and gets himself a nice delivery-boy job, one that pays exceptionally well.
4. Jaeson gets excited by his new job, and wants to over achieve to impress his new mentor. Jaeson takes short cuts and ignores the boring details that he was told to take care of because he thinks it will increase this throughput. He finds out, rather abruptly, that those tiny details were included for a very specific reason.
	1. The first thought that comes to my mind is a weird roundabout courier path that avoids certain guard checkpoints, or rival gang territories, but takes a long time to complete. I'd like to come up with something more nuanced...
5. Jaeson finds out he's smuggling contraband. Specifically a potent mind-stilling drug that is abundant in the outer-city, but he finds out is impossible to produce there. Questions of Mentor's goodwill arise.
6. Jaeson discovers that they are actually working for a very wealthy individual from the inner city, tainting a lot of the idealism his mentor had painted their work with.
# Conclusion
*Jaeson is deep in debt, and Grandpa is alive, but still wheelchair bound.*
1. Siel returns home to find Grandpa in a wheelchair. His hopes are dashed when she returns without the macguffin, and enraged when she returns with the illegal cure she learned from Altus (he accuses her of picking up drugs in the outer-city. She laughs a wild laugh which doesn't help matters). She takes him into the shop to watch her as she begins to take a crack at a new and improved condenser design with all the things she learned from Altus.
2. Jaeson comes back to the house in a frazzled state. When he sees Siel he freezes and stares at the ground in shame for a moment, then breaks into tears and runs to hug her. He begins frantically explaining all that he's gotten into and how he's in great trouble. Siel closes her eyes, takes a deep breath, then returns to her work. Siel stops tinkering and the tears running down Jaeson's cheek begin to lift off his face. They dance their way towards Siel's new condenser and She smiles as Grandpa shouts with enthusiasm and pride. She says to Jaeson, *"You needn't worry about any of that anymore. I think we're going to be just fine"*.
3. Grandpa manages to get out of his chair and start dancing, but goes into a coughing fit and collapses to his knees. Siel and Jaeson rush over to help him back up and so begins the falling action. Siel goes about signing a new sales deal that put's their company back on the map, gets the medicine that Grandpa needs, as well as some other things to help improve his health, and finally hires that specialist they had been talking about but couldn't afford. (This might be making amends with Altus and him staying at their house. This allows us to explore his future actions and motivations as well)
	- When Siel is signing the deal, she is told that she could really do a lot of good for the city at large, and that she should run for governor (which she does, but not in this book), and she says, "Ha, no, I don't think I'm brave enough to be a governor, but who knows. I've got a lot of life ahead of me."
4. In the epilogue, Jaeson goes to settle his debt with some money Siel gave him. During his interaction, he not only absolves himself of ties with the local scum-lord, but inspires some of his goonies and recruits them for his new cause.