“What do you mean, 'you can't buy more condensers'? We’ve been steady for three years!”
"I'm sorry Siel, it's just not in the books for us. Our shelves are stocked full and I'd be putting the business in jeopardy if I kept buying them." The large man on the other side of the counter revealed its gaudy linoleum decoration with deliberate circles of a stained rag. 
"If you can't manage sales, that's on you. Put them in the windows. Run some promotions. Hell, if you can't do it yourself, hire someone else who knows a thing or two!" Siel's arms spoke with the same enthusiasm that carried her voice. "We make the finest condensers in all of Dusthaven, and I'm not gonna stand by and watch our family's legacy falter because they're hidden behind your counter!"
Kiyran's cleaning halted as he looked Siel in the eyes with a cocked head that offered civil chiding. "Easy there, kiddo. It's not wise to bite the hand that feeds. I know it's hard riding shotgun while someone else manages your livelihood, but we didn't build **%SHOP_NAME%** hiring **%name for addicts of the poison%**. Each and every one of us carries the weight of two men, day in and day out. I won't have some proud artisan's kid bad mouth what she doesn't understand." His pride sufficiently reclaimed, Kiryan resumed his busy-work. "You're not the only one fighting an uphill battle here. It's not an issue of visibility - I don't know how else to say it; Your stuff just isn't moving"
"What?" Siel could feel her body knotting. "How are people going to cook, drink, bathe, *live?* Quit **twisting stories (chance for world-building)** Kiyran, I know a grift when I see one."
"Come on kid, you know I like you and yours. We've had a good thing going, and I'd never get in the way of a chance to make a few bricks. But I don't know what else to tell you." Kiyran returned his focus to the countertop. "The numbers don't say much, but they sure don't lie; people don't want the Kunstenaar Kundenser anymore"
**Something primal began to rattle its way from behind Siel's breast bone as she leaned forward and slammed a fist on the counter**. "I don't know who you think I am to just stand here and..."
"Listen," Kiyran cut her off, "I'll buy 30 of the ones you've already made, at the usual price, and I'll call when I'm low. That's all I can do. In the meantime, just... take it easy. Alright?"
"I - " Siel's words caught in her chest. "I can't just... '*take it easy*' Kiyran! The ACA (agency of citizen affairs) isn't handing out wishes on a platter! I've got mouths to feed, sharks to pay!" But Kiyran was already arranging numbers on his terminal. Something inside her began to slip away. *Patience*? Her eyes turned to slits as Kiyran motioned to a burly man sitting near the warehouse door. *Civility*? A wave, three fingers, and a point towards Siel's lev-cart sealed the deal. It was *hope*, it's absence more clear than its presence. She stared through the counter, a million thoughts competing for the crowded space in her head.
*30 condensers at 120b apiece will only net us 960 bits. Barely enough to cover materials for the next batch. We could probably cut some corners, lighten up on the adornments, shorten the thermal coil... Ahh what am I thinking? It wouldn't matter anyway. There's no point in making more of what we can't sell in the first place. Oh god, how are we going to cover rent? Grandpa's stabilizers aren't cheap, and Jaeson's tuition...*
A beep on Siel's arm stole her consciousness from its rumination. She watched as bits rolled into her account. 400, 800, right past the 960 she was expecting. She stared blankly at her wrist, her head slightly cocked in confusion as the number settled at 1000b credited. Siel looked at Kiyran, and he held her eyes for a moment, sharing a sad, knowing smile, then he left to help shelve the fruits of their transaction.
Anger lingered in her fingers and toes, but her chest no longer held fire. Siel knew Kiyran was right, and he didn't deserve the fury that had been slowly boiling inside of her over the past months. In truth, he wasn't really part of the problem at all, he just happened to be the bearer of bad news. 
"I think that's the last one" Kiyran said to his hired hands, as they pulled a condenser off the lev-cart. "Make sure they're all catalogued and each one gets a *unique* chain-code. I don't want a repeat of last months audit, ya hear?". Kiyran turned his attention to Siel as she slid the protective shielding over her remaining inventory. "Hey, that wasn't a clerical error. Make sure you treat yourself with the leftovers." Siel let a sardonic chuckle escape the side of her mouth. "I'm serious. You're too young to be wearing so much stress. If you won't take one for yourself, maybe you'll take one on me; you need a break, kiddo."
Siel fiddled with the controls on her wrist terminal and sealed the lock on her cart before standing up and taking a deep breath in. Her gaze distant and her movements listless, Siel made her way to the threshold of the shop before pausing. "Thanks, Kiyran" she said, before stepping into the glaring arid streets of Dusthaven.

NOTES:
- Does the condenser math make sense here? If the Kunstenaar's are known in Dusthaven for their condensers, and Dusthaven is a veritable metropolis, 30 condensers seems like a borderline reasonable shipment. They would either have a massive production line, or they simply wouldn't be known (unless these things *never* break, and simply aren't owned by everyone).