“What do you mean, 'you can't buy more condensers'? We’ve been steady for three years!”
"I'm sorry Siel, it's just not in the books for us. Our shelves are stocked full and I'd be putting the business in jeopardy if I kept buying them." The large man on the other side of the counter revealed its gaudy linoleum decoration with deliberate circles of a stained rag. 
"If you can't manage sales, that's on you. Put them in the windows. Run some promotions. Hell, if you can't do it yourself, hire someone else who knows a thing or two!" Siel's arms spoke the same enthusiasm that carried her voice, indicating through the dirty windows at their metropolis's citizenry. "We make the finest condensers in all of Dusthaven, and I'm not gonna stand by and watch our family's legacy falter because they're hidden behind your counter!"
Kiyran's cleaning halted as he looked Siel in the eyes with a cocked head that offered civil chiding. "Easy there, kiddo. It's not wise to bite the hand that feeds. I know it's hard riding shotgun while someone else manages your livelihood, but we didn't build **%SHOP_NAME%** hiring **%name for addicts of the poison%**. Each and every one of us carries the weight of two men, day in and day out. I won't have some proud artisan's kid bad mouth what she doesn't understand." His pride sufficiently reclaimed, Kiryan resumed his busy-work. "You're not the only one fighting an uphill battle here. It's not an issue of visibility, I just don't know how else to say it; Your stuff just isn't moving"
"What?" Siel could feel her body knotting. "How are people going to cook, drink, bathe, *live?* Quit **twisting stories (chance for world-building)** Kiyran, I know a grift when I see one."
"Come on kid, you know I like you and yours. We've had a good thing going, and I'd never get in the way of a chance to make a few blocks. But I don't know what else to say." Kiyran returned his focus to the countertop. "The numbers don't say much, but they sure don't lie; people don't want the Kunstenaar Kundenser anymore"
**Something primal began to rattle its way from behind Siel's breast bone as she leaned forward and slammed a fist on the counter**. "I don't know who you think I am to just stand here and..."
"Listen" Kiyran cut her off, "I'll buy 30 of the ones you've already made, at the usual price, and I'll call when I'm low. That's all I can do. In the meantime, just... take it easy. Alright?"
"I - " Siel's words caught in her chest. "I can't just... '*take it easy*' Kiyran! **%government agency focused on citizen affairs%** isn't handing out wishes on a platter! I've got mouths to feed, sharks to pay!" But Kiyran was already arranging numbers on his terminal. Siel felt something inside her slipping away. *Patience*? Her eyes turned to slits as Kiyran motioned to a burly man sitting near the warehouse door. *Civility*? A wave, three fingers, and a point towards Siel's lev-cart sealed the deal. *Hope. It's absence more clear than its presence*. She stared through the counter, a million thoughts competing for the crowded space in her head.
30 condensers at 120b apiece will only net us 960 bits. Barely enough to cover materials for the next batch. We could probably cut some corners, lighten up on the adornments, shorten the thermal coil... Ahh what am I saying? It wouldn't matter anyway. There's no point in making more of what we can't sell in the first place. Oh god, how are we going to cover rent? Grandpa's stabilizers aren't cheap, and Jaeson's tuition...*
A beep on Siel's arm stole her consciousness from its rumination. 1000 bits. She stared blankly at Kiryan, her head slightly cocked in confusion. He held her eyes for a moment, sharing a sad, knowing smile, then he left to help shelve the new merchandise he had just bought.
- Siel takes the remainder on the cart outside. As she walks, she gives us a brief run down of her perspective on the (more mature aspects of the) city. 
The hole left by Siel's plans for the future ached violently as despair clawed into it's newfound home. She needed a drink.
- Siel has an encounter with the gang that Jaeson joins? Get a glimpse of the culture of Dusthaven.
**%Siel walks back to the family house, thinking to herself (filling the audience in) about the current state of Dusthaven, and her current perspective on it%**
**%Siel gets back home and has some interactions with Jaeson and Grandpa%**
	Jaeson is playing games, but has homework to do
	Grandpa is making a condenser, but won't admit how much he is struggling
**%Siel gets restless and decides to finish Grandpa's work. She falls into the rhythm of making a condenser. This sequence should be described like dancing, like magic in her head. The flow state%**
**%?Jaeson gets a chance to participate in the condenser construction?%**

NOTES:
- The condenser math doesn't make sense here. If the Kunstenaar's are known in Dusthaven for their condensers, and Dusthaven is a veritable metropolis, there's no *way* 10 condensers is a reasonable shipment, let alone 3. They would either have a massive production line, or they simply wouldn't be known.